Readme.md, before:

# Walter Schulze's CV

This is my [CV](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/waltercv.pdf)

Here is printable (black and white) version of my [CV](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/waltercv-print.pdf)

My open source profile can be viewed at
https://awalterschulze.github.io

Also included in this repository are my degrees and certificates.

## Degrees

2010 - [MSc Computer Science (cum laude)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2010-msc-degree.pdf)

2006 - [BSc Honours in Computer Science](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2006-hons-degree.pdf)

2005 - [BSc Computer Science and Applied Mathematics](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2005-bsc-degree.pdf)

## Certificates

2016 - [Leadership for Engineers](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2016-01-LeadershipForEngineers-Edx-Certificate.pdf)

2015 - [Questionnare Design for Social Surveys](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2015-12-QuestionnaireDesignforSocialSurveys.pdf)

2014 - [Introduction to Functional Programming](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2014-IntroductionToFunctionalProgramming-Edx-Certificate.pdf)

2014 - [Automata](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2014-Coursera_automata.pdf)

2014 - [Introduction to Linux](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2014-11-IntroductionToLinux-Certificate.pdf)

2013 - [Introduction to Digital Sound Design](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2013-Introduction_to_Digital_Sound_Design.pdf)

2013 - [Introduction to Logic](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2013-11-Coursera_intrologic.pdf)

2013 - [Synapses, Neurons and Brains](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2013-06-SynapsesNeuronsAndBrains-Certificate.pdf)

2013 - [Digital Signal Processing](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2013-05-Digital-Signal-Processing-Certificate.pdf)

2013 - [Introduction to Music Production](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2013-04-Introduction-to-Music-Production-Certificate.pdf)

2012 - [Machine Learning](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2012-01-ml-class-49854.pdf)

2011 - [Artifical Intelligence](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2011-12-www.ai-class.com-letter067293_signed.pdf)

Commit message:

use overleaf instead of Docker

Readme.md, after:

# Walter Schulze's CV

This is my [CV](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/waltercv.pdf)

My open source profile can be viewed at
https://awalterschulze.github.io

Also included in this repository are my degrees and certificates.

## Degrees

2010 - [MSc Computer Science (cum laude)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2010-msc-degree.pdf)

2006 - [BSc Honours in Computer Science](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2006-hons-degree.pdf)

2005 - [BSc Computer Science and Applied Mathematics](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2005-bsc-degree.pdf)

## Certificates

2016 - [Leadership for Engineers](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2016-01-LeadershipForEngineers-Edx-Certificate.pdf)

2015 - [Questionnare Design for Social Surveys](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2015-12-QuestionnaireDesignforSocialSurveys.pdf)

2014 - [Introduction to Functional Programming](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2014-IntroductionToFunctionalProgramming-Edx-Certificate.pdf)

2014 - [Automata](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2014-Coursera_automata.pdf)

2014 - [Introduction to Linux](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2014-11-IntroductionToLinux-Certificate.pdf)

2013 - [Introduction to Digital Sound Design](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2013-Introduction_to_Digital_Sound_Design.pdf)

2013 - [Introduction to Logic](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2013-11-Coursera_intrologic.pdf)

2013 - [Synapses, Neurons and Brains](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2013-06-SynapsesNeuronsAndBrains-Certificate.pdf)

2013 - [Digital Signal Processing](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2013-05-Digital-Signal-Processing-Certificate.pdf)

2013 - [Introduction to Music Production](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2013-04-Introduction-to-Music-Production-Certificate.pdf)

2012 - [Machine Learning](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2012-01-ml-class-49854.pdf)

2011 - [Artifical Intelligence](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awalterschulze/waltercv/master/2011-12-www.ai-class.com-letter067293_signed.pdf)

## LICENSE

This CV is depends on [friggeri-cv-a4.cls](https://github.com/depressiveRobot/friggeri-cv-a4), which has it's own [LICENSE](./friggeri-cv-a4-LICENSE), which also covers all the included fonts: `.ttf` and `.otf` files.

## Build

This CV was compiled using [overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/)
